Cultu Sim ReadME
Work In progress

Synopsis:
The Simulation:
This is a simulation game in which factions are pitted against each other in a computer generated world.
The factions are each given a starting city which has the ability to spawn combat units and non-combat units.
The non-combat units are able to gather metals and wood from the surrounding. These resources can be to produce 
additional units or buildings. In order to obtain wood a lumber mill must be built on top of a forest; from the
lumber, the non-combat Unit is able to gather wood and bring it back to the faction’s city. Mines and farms work in the
exact same way, except they must be built on a mine/fertile land tile. The combat units are spawned at the faction’s city to
fight the enemy factions. They can be used to attack other factions or defend their own. Both types of units have
the ability to fight, but the combat units are much stronger. Units are able to destroy buildings and cities of
enemy factions. All of these are run automatically when the game is in the play state. The game state can be
changed using the “pause”, “play”, and “next turn” buttons.

User interaction:
While the majority of the game is run by the preprogrammed artificial intelligence (AI), there is a key that the
user can choose to play. Tiles can be placed into the map during the simulation. Any type of tile may be replaced
by any other type of tile by clicking on the tile type in the bottom of the screen, and then clicking on the map.
Additional cities may be also be place in the same manor. Each new city placed will create a new faction.

Known Errors:
Pressing the play button while the game is already playing will cause a stack overflow.
Resizing the window while the game is playing will cause the board to stop moving. Note: pause the game before resizing.
Map sizes that are too large will give the pathfinder a stack overflow.

The Program currently spawns an actor at 6,6 and will patrol to 5,5 to 0,5 to 5,0 in an endless loop
To progress the program click the next turn and the actor will move
clicking on a tile will display what kind of tile in the console

If you want you can add more actors in the Main method (in the Main class),  just give them at least 2 points and they won't move if there is another actor in the way

For loading from file:
1.File must be in the worlds folder
2.File must be in this format
3.In game pass a string that is the name of the world file to the instantiation of new world. e.g. world = new world("dingus") where dingus.txt is in worlds folder
4.The world must be square so width = length.

x,y,  // where x and y are the dimensions for the world the symbols must match these dimensions so 10,10, would need 100 symbols

e.g.

5,5,
,r,r,r,i,r,
,w,r,r,r,r,
,r,r,w,r,fl,
,r,m,r,r,r,
,r,r,m,r,r

NOTES: the world must have the same width and height. If the world is larger than 50x50 the pathfinder will throw a stack overflow 

Symbols for map gen:
r=rock
w=water
i=ice
m=mine
fl=fertileland
f=forest
